back you're here for one of two reasons
either you've tried the canine lullaby
download found it to be successful and
want to know more or you're here for the
first time a dog owner struggling with a
poorly behaved dog whether it's
incessant barking destructive chewing
severe separation anxiety or some other
annoying behavior you need some help you
don't want to give your pet away but
you're just not sure you can deal with
things the way they are for much longer
canine lullabies has helped thousands of
dog owners like you who love their dog
but have no idea how to end the annoying
or destructive behavior that is driving
you crazy you know what the problem is
they're fearful or anxious stressed or
bored but you don't know what to do
about it
cherry Woodford a former record producer
songwriter music publisher and now music
therapy specialist has discovered an
amazing way to address those issues in
dogs
and in doing so literally transform them
into a more calmed relaxed pet making
them a joy to be around through the use
of lullabies that are simple predictable
and ordered in a simple structure sung
by compassionate voices and combined
with the sound of a human heartbeat
Woodford found that in moments even the
most distraught anxious or stressed dog
could be quickly calmed and quieted even
to the point of sleep this could be your
situation today you're anxious stressed
or barking dog could be quieted in
moments giving them and you the peace
and relaxation you're longing for